DOCS-1040: Clarify behavior with name conflicts on prefixes (#1052)
minio/docs: source/operations/concepts/thresholds.rst

Conflicting Objects
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Applications must assign non-conflicting, unique keys for all objects.
This includes avoiding creating objects where the name can collide with that of a parent or sibling object.
MinIO returns an empty set for LIST operations at the location of the collision.

For example, the following operations create a namespace conflicts

.. code-block::
   
   PUT data/invoices/2024/january/vendors.csv
   PUT data/invoices/2024/january <- collides with existing object prefix

.. code-block::

   PUT data/invoices/2024/january
   PUT data/invoices/2024/january/vendors.csv <- collides with existing object

> While GET or HEAD operations against those objects can succeed, MinIO would return an empty result set for LIST operations at the ``/invoices/2024/january`` path.

Reviewer: Is this an accurate understanding? 
> You are technically allowed to create these, but you won't have good time afterwards.
Seems you shouldn't be allowed in the first place, but that's a different conversation.

A minor wording tweak, if you like:
```suggestion
While you can perform GET or HEAD operations against these objects, the name collision causes LIST operations to return an empty result set at the ``/invoices/2024/january`` path.
```
